docs: expand streaming conceptual guides (#1524)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/concepts/low_level.md

## Streaming

LangGraph is built with first class support for streaming. There are several different ways to stream back results

### `.stream` and `.astream`

`.stream` and `.astream` are sync and async methods for streaming back results.
There are several different modes you can specify when calling these methods (e.g. `graph.stream(..., mode="...")):

- [`"values"`](../how-tos/stream-values.ipynb): This streams the full value of the state after each step of the graph.

> - [`"updates`](../how-tos/stream-updates.ipynb): This streams the updates to the state after each step of the graph. If multiple updates are made in the same step (e.g. multiple nodes are run) then those updates are streamed separately.

Reviewer: @isahers1 typo"updates" missing a closing quote

* LangGraph writes to state channels emit `on_chain_start` and `on_chain_end` events

Additionally, any events that are created inside your nodes (LLM events, tool events, manually emitted events, etc.) will also be visible in the output of `.astream_events`.

To make this more concrete and to see what this looks like, let's see what events are returned when we run a simple graph:

```python
from langchain_openai import ChatOpenAI
from langgraph.graph import StateGraph, MessagesState, START, END

model = ChatOpenAI(model="gpt-3.5-turbo")

def call_model(state: MessagesState):
    response = model.invoke(state['messages'])
    return {"messages": response}

workflow = StateGraph(MessagesState)
workflow.add_node(call_model)
workflow.add_edge(START, "call_model")
workflow.add_edge("call_model", END)
app = workflow.compile()

inputs = [{"role": "user", "content": "hi!"}]
async for event in app.astream_events({"messages": inputs}, version="v1"):
    kind = event["event"]
    print(f"{kind}: {event['name']}")
```
```shell
on_chain_start: LangGraph
on_chain_start: __start__
on_chain_end: __start__
on_chain_start: call_model
on_chat_model_start: ChatOpenAI

> on_chat_model_stream: ChatOpenAI

Reviewer: maybe worth squashing these into just a 3 or so and a `...`

we write the results back to the channel (`ChannelWrite<call_model,messages>`) and then finish the `call_model` node and then the graph as a whole.

This should hopefully give you a good sense of what events are emitted in a simple graph. But what data do these events contain?

> Each type of event contains data in a different format. Let's look at what `on_chat_model_stream` events look like. These are an important type of event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each type of event contains data in a different format. Let's look at what `on_chat_model_stream` events look like. This is an important type of event
```
plus need to adjust the sentence below to say "since it is needed for streaming tokens from an LLM response"
